Don't touch don't touch me
Sister, are you shocked?
Don't be scared.
Chen Meimei and Fang Zixian
It has been arrested by Zhao Guardian
Sister-in-law, my brother arrested them all
And you know what?
Your brother is for you today
I almost lost my life.
He has to fight poison with Lao Qi today
You know that Lao Qi's poison is very powerful
He is a generation of poison kings
How is my brother?
It's alright, he's alright
sister brother
brother
How on earth did you defeat that pervert?
You don't know.
Yesterday, that pervert posed as my boyfriend
Touch my leg
What else did he do to you?
I should have killed him yesterday
Nothing else
Chen Meimei stopped him
That Chen Meimei is okay with me
Sister Chen, I can save his life
After all, he didn't do anything to you.
You haven't said why you're okay
Did you move your palm?
Your husband is invincible
All poisons are invulnerable
Power humph
Don't say it if you don't want to
No need to brag.
The power is monstrous, can it be as powerful as the Emperor Fund?
I tell you
I heard that the Emperor Palace
Your Highness Hongyan of the History of the Twelve Gods
Also come to preside over the Emperor Fund
I'm going for an interview tomorrow.
Sister-in-law, I'll go with you tomorrow.
Come with me.
Then I'll sleep with you today.
Go to sleep